a man named q lives a church when
cleaning the room
he accidentally finds the model of town
where he lives
this model is exactly the same as the
real thing q
also sees his own model he curiously
takes the spray bottle of water to try
strange thing happens it suddenly rains
finally
he realizes that this model is the real
town his wife is the head of the town
but died in a sudden accident hugh too
saddened by the loss of his wife
moves to the church to live god give
this gift to him at the right time
because when his wife was alive she
always wanted the town to develop better
this is an opportunity for him to
fulfill his wife's dream
the next day people talk about
yesterday's strange rain
cue just listens silently after a while
the shopkeeper come
and has a chat with q it turns out that
since q's wife died
the town's economy has been in decline
all of this is due to the new mayor
everyone in the town is annoyed q
decides to use the model
to do something good for the town
when he gets home q has an idea he takes
a bottle of nail polish
the next day the restaurant suddenly
become new everyone is amazed
on the way home q sees an old woman fall
the old woman complains that
the road has been broken for a long time
and no one has repaired it
so the old woman often falls down often
the reflection box is also
full but the mayor ignores it q brings
the mailbox home to see
the first letter filled potholes on the
road cue lightly pressed the model
the road is fixed then he fulfills each
of people's wishes
clearing the trash on the road moving
the big tree despite
many requests q happily complies
even feeding the dog the next day
everyone gossips about thanking the
mystic who has solved his long-standing
problems overnight
hearing everyone's thanks q feels very
happy
has a feeling of doing a good job but
after that
people think it's the mayor's work q is
extremely annoyed
his achievements are robbed by the
person he hates the most
he's annoyed but can't say it after
coming home
he thinks of a way the mayor hates most
of the tourists coming to town
but the people here are the opposite so
q make a night catching welcome to town
billboard
the next day the town fills with people
in and out
since then the quality of life in the
town has increased dramatically
the pastor gathers the residence because
she wants to thank god on their behalf
the mayor also arrives what will also
come
everyone assumed that the mayor does all
of that the shameless mayorings and skin
admits it silently
looking at the mayor's favorable
appearance q come up with the intention
to retaliate against him
he drops a stone into the mayor's car
the next day
the mayor sees his broken down car and
he's very angry
flames and scolds the boy the owner of
the shop run to scold the mayor
that only know how to domineer the kids
everyone's supporter
he doesn't feel good so he changes his
attitude he apologizes to the boy
and declares he's not interested in the
car eventually he succeeds in regaining
the support of his resident
q is once again angry that evening he
decides to scare the mayor
he places a spider on the model indeed
the mayor's extremely scared and rushed
away
that evening the pastor come to find
queue she finds that q
is a bit different lately and
immediately come to visit him
after talking to the pastor q realizes
he shouldn't be wasting his energy
because of an unrelated person as long
as the townsfolk live better
so all night he wants to make a more
sparkling billboard to help the town
unexpectedly this billboard is the cause
of the town's power outage
residents asked the mayor to deal with
it but he didn't know what to do
when the situation gets worse q has to
say it clearly to everyone
he's that mystic he takes off the ring
because he feels sorry for his wife
for not being able to give everyone a
good life at this point
the mayor comes he sees that the town
model immediately give rise to an evil
conspiracy
he wants to steal q's model q disagrees
during the dispute queue accidentally
touches the model
as a result the town has an earthquake
luckily
no one is injured but this is not a
disaster
the town quickly becomes famous the ring
that cube dropped becomes the largest
block of metal in the world
after losing the power of god q and the
townsfolk begin a new life
the film sends a message we can never
anticipate what we bring to the world
so please do your best